helm upgrade -i dubhe --create-namespace -n dubhe-system .
helm uninstall dubhe -n dubhe-dev .


algorithm-imgprocess-b49b979b4-fvpmq             1/1     Running     2          10h
algorithm-ofrecord-5d567bcf86-ln2w4              1/1     Running     2          10h
algorithm-videosample-b4466bcb8-x8gsm            1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-84895d98-wtbm8                           1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-admin-8ffc6f7f4-r95j9                    1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-algorithm-79fc75887c-5d925               1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-auth-7f759448d9-hx6vn                    1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-data-6b9d87b4d8-lwj49                    1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-data-dcm-674b4d6ff7-vqdgd                1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-data-task-798b9bcb76-cm97l               1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-dcm4chee-68465fbcf7-zjxjw                3/3     Running     6          10h
backend-gateway-548b7c85c-t7xj9                  1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-image-699cb8f965-2nq7l                   1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-k8s-58cf6f69bb-g9vj8                     1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-measure-747b9cb6f8-9v5kb                 1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-model-converter-7b4fbdb74b-d2vnr         1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-model-d9d4fc8b5-vg8xn                    1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-model-measure-7f4999644b-6htth           1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-notebook-d8bbb8797-54l8z                 1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-optimize-79ffbbf467-dk2d9                1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-point-cloud-75765b6d4d-gccd6             1/1     Running     1          5h36m
backend-serving-55ccc9858b-nj6ps                 1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-serving-gateway-6c85d98cdc-fxhvm         1/1     Running     2          10h
backend-tadl-6894c8cddc-2pzcv                    1/1     Running     1          5h35m
backend-terminal-797dc78fc-4ljxw                 1/1     Running     2          8h
backend-train-79857dd768-25vln                   1/1     Running     0          64m
backend-visual-7dbbc576db-lzs9g                  1/1     Running     2          10h
elasticsearch-77bd85fc48-6h6qh                   1/1     Running     4          10h
fluent-bit-5n6bj                                 1/1     Running     2          10h
grafana-846f97f46c-8gsj2                         1/1     Running     2          10h
kibana-797f8b8fd4-bcz9b                          1/1     Running     7          10h
minio-6f8757b467-rghz8                           1/1     Running     2          10h
mysql-7c5dc8dd6d-84t4r                           1/1     Running     2          10h
nacos-747c6846fb-xtfhq                           1/1     Running     2          10h
node-exporter-lk84j                              1/1     Running     2          10h
prometheus-644f9dfcdb-9khtg                      1/1     Running     2          10h
redis-fc5665498-56mwp                            1/1     Running     1          5h37m
web-769969774f-6hw2b                             1/1     Running     4          10h